Your brother
Is the king of this hero
It turns out that I have been calling for so many years
But with Bao Di, they have always been by my side
That's fine.
When the house is robbed
It really ended badly for him.
Princess
No wonder he dared to take the holy spear
No wonder
Dare to even look at me
Successful adults and the four generals are all desperate for him
Hahahaha
I see
chase
From Now On
Beijing has no more holy family
Princess Zhang, the sinner
Apologize to yourself
I am willing to hand over all the property and atmosphere of the Holy Family
Submit to the imperial court
That's called raising your hand
Save my child's life
That was all.
Princess Xie
Princess Chitose Chitose Chitose
Don't ask the princess
I want to pay
pay
Second sister, I want Luo Yufeng
Ah ah sister
What about you?
eldest princess
Give me my forgiveness
I just want the eldest princess to let my father return to his hometown
Enjoy ten thousand years
Ask the princess
Sinful minister Li Chengyi is also willing to tear me apart
I just ask the eldest princess to spare my daughter a batch
Hahaha, Nangong will be fired by you this time.
It's Empress Dowager Hua's old man who wants to see you
And his little grandson
You see, 10 years ago
I raped my mother for many years
I want to see her right away
Let's go then.